so hello to all unwelcome here to
shader model to the 1.51 so you see
right now we are right on the desktop
then I can thank you because of that
installation show below me clicks
Just look at the link in the
description then you have only one
thing in the country though is a veteran
Schiefner just clicks on media fire
on download but just me so big
then just go ok and unfortunately you
you the windows phone as easy
shader 15.1 just does one
double-click on it and then you see, too
already what we are here for three files
get the latest song shelter
from sonic he saw the sollstedter for the
15.1 and if deep one
so first of all she has something after that
are you doing minecraft turns on here
always and then you go first
options and makes first in force
update then goes to login
and that is then update first because
then when you update your minecraft
it is very small and so without
Anything else from that murder
such a diligently works
in the meantime that was just down
I can give you a few
if somehow give information
problem or something with the shader then
write below the comments or something
I'll try your questions or yours
maybe to solve problems or something and so
of course, then write to me if I am
or I write you then the the
Solution or when I do not have the error
I just can not shake her
can fix
and yes I'm definitely to
available to help you with such
already mojang be it so data revealed
come close attack
and then you give it down to the search
So start on the search
percent off as data percent on
you simply suppress or we are
already here in the point minecraft
folder so the shield attacks or
just double click on it
then go to the stage and see
we there the minecraft yes then we come
Just open the right mouse click
will ship with winrar so that now
well already open well close
Close to the very first in what they
Minecraft year power is the medium
just raft away and the anja
so that the mails are deleted and open
we first in the shader 15.1 folder
whether the fine so several bank control
untie all folders and then drag
everything was great
also dot point folder you can
wegmachen again
that was about as all whether the fine
then we should open faster 1.5
point 1 emphasized again
Control but then everything again
selected and are the whole
files back into the archive and that
it was actually already from the
all installation from the shader if you want
now minecraft starts I do mine
times to login
probably a bit there now
just record faster and so on
then you will already see when we open
options we have now go here
new option shaders as well as her here
which reinbekommt you go just once
Show you now again he goes
on open starter packs or if the here
actually I do not believe any
I just have a lot of old ones here
and new and ill shaders and everything
should somehow wanted to have one of them
and that several want to have then
we also want to make a video
But I ask you a definitely
to dispose of and to the newest
shader v10 rc 7 version ultra that counts
you just then in the shader packs
folder and then she became too passive
then added them will be easy
Here's where it is in the cdu here
such rather tough and rancid
Just click on it then it will work
and then you actually have here
even shader in there I give you
my world
We already have the shader in there
I'm just doing the picture a bit
bigger than would put because I
just recording with fraps in full screen
and my pc is not the best
So I'll tell you so you already need
pretty good pc for that
and if you're wondering then
Do not you wonder why the shader maybe
with you a little bit was 40 degrees
the newest one but i can get the shader one
otherwise usually play and in the
year for example could be to another job
like I have for example nor the
normal but specific settings
sowed, for example, often runs again
directly liquid a bit of setting a
and without water because of the shader
I give you
the song with the beautiful water should be the
sv 10 rc he is also beautiful
we just have to show water here
the beautiful water and my year
favorite shader is the rc sixth and
Although here I had the city ​​play
Just get that way and in winter
already has a nice one
the color was not so much
I 40 fps with 330 ps and now that
Water is really nice here
the sun is dazzling too now waiting for the
Sun yes here in the air since the rb7
tailor that too and yes what now
actually before the tutorial to the scaffold
However, as I said to download
and do not overwrite I'm just one
Be careful if I am now
decided to activate 120 1000 so
For example we have night and
if i do it in other cities now
the rc 7 's also and in the
description is looks is for example
Sun and was called lava and yes what is
actually here to the shader motto real
There is nothing more to show
if you have problems then write
just below comment i tried
then fix it and of course you too
to help and yes I would say so
then see us in the next video
again until then